update conversion section (#225)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: javascript-cpp/converting/convert-pdf-to-word/_index.md

---

> title: Convert PDF to DOC and DOCX in JavaScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Convert PDF to Word documents in JavaScript
```

> linktitle: Convert PDF to DOC and DOCX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linktitle: Convert PDF to Word documents
```
